In ancient times unknown, there was a thriving kingdom on the island of Vita, named after the purity of life granted by the Goddess Haeren. With hero Triforce of Life she was able to
make life on Vita a paradise, she had full control over life and death, so the largest threat to the residence (mortality), could be nullified by the graceful goddess.
The lord of the kingdom was intelligent and mindful, always making the best decisions for the kingdom. However, he coveted the power that Haeren could control and soon hatched a plan
to seize her power for himself, that was his people would worship him as a god.

He ordered the Brigadier of his Legion of Knights, Aemulor , and his legion to capture Hearen's triforce and take over the island with the ultimate desire to learn
how to use it, and vanquish Haeren. With the cunningness of Aemulor, he led his legion to victory, capturing the Triforce from the goddess, and hid it deep within a remote hidden base.
Haeren was confused that people she thought could do no harm would do something like steal her triforce, and almost immediately her power started to drain, as the Triforce, being in the hands
of those with such darkness, was tainting the purity of the triforce. 
She, along with the good people of the island, pleaded to the king to find the unknown thieves, and return the triforce. He agreed, and with many of his guards he sent on a wild goose chase, to give
him time to spend on learning the power of the triforce.

Not long soon after, given that Aemulor's main task was keeping the Triforce hidden, and the king spending much of his time managing the kingdom, gave rise to an unprecedented opportunity to Aemulor.
In his time guarding the Triforce he learned far more than the king did, and began experimenting with it, learning what would eventually be coined as "Necromancy", taking those that already had passed
on and reviving them in darkness, resulting in a twisted demonic shade of the original being. It did not take the king long to see that Aemulor was far more knowledgeable with the power of the Triforce.
Despite Aemulor swearing complete allegience to the king, the king was uneasy with the situation. 

Eventually Aemulor became so attuned to the power of the triforce that he was able to sense materials on the island of Vita that could reveal the life force of living things, which would give Aemulor
a better grasp of their being for ease of manipulation. As a result he ordered one of his Colonels, Servus Malus, to begin mining on the northern most poing on Vita, to extract more of the materials.
As it was a rare material, not much was found and the material was not one that was easily molded, not even Aemulor could mutate it. Therefore he kidnapped the best smiths on the island, a small family
that had already made most of the King's guard's weapons and armor, to work with it. They succedded in mutating it, giving Aemulor the ability to create talismens that could reveal to him the lifeforce
of most living things around him.

It was time to make a move, Aemulor's power had peaked, being able to effortlessly exert his intentions on nearly any living and non living being on vita, it was time to seize the kingdom and overthrow
the king. The king, already having suspicion that Aemulor would desire more power, was ready and had his castle fortified to the highest degree. During the siege, the king could see his soldiers stood
no chance, as not only was Aemulor powerful, but he enhanced his legion, bearing new armor and weapons under the name Undead Legion, as they were all enhanced living dead soldiers that could not die
unless Aemulor deemed it so. Desperate the king fled to Haeren, who had grown so weak she was essentially a mortal human. She was appauled that the king had schemed to claim her triforce, but that was 
not her concern, as it was that she had never known humans to claim a triforce and command it with such ferocity and accuracy. It was even suspected that he somehow figured out how to revive the old
demon lord Demise, just to make him a tool for his conquest 
of the entire world.

Haeren was powerless, only the other goddesses themselves could stop the coming apocalypse of the Necromancer Aemulor. Eventually the goddesses did come to the aid of the isolated island, and were able
to contain Aemulor to the island of Vita. After a ferocious war that nearly obliterated the island, the goddesses were able to separate the triforce from Aemulor, and evacuated the island, quickly
draining Aemulor's power. The goddesses created a remote island that could not be sailed to by normal ships, one that was hidden in the middle of the ocean, and erected a temple designed to prevent
anyone from claiming the triforce and risking another global apocalypse. As a result of this seclusion of the triforce, Aemulor diminished, the power he once controlled took a toll on his physical form,
causing him and his forces to deteriorate. However, their spirits were volatile and resiliant and would not leave the land, resulting in a dark corrupted blemish on the once beautiful island. 
Unfortunately the seclusion of the triforce was almost equally adverse to the Goddess Haeren, rendering her unable to possess a physical form, barely able to communicate with the living plane.

The king, still the king of Vita, swore to never again tamper with forces that mortals should not, isolating the dark side of the island and living out the rest of his days paranoid that he may see
necromancy performed once again. 

Ages passed, the king's decendents slowly found themselves unable to properly rule the land, resulting in a power vacuum that would be taken advantage of by residents that shared some of the darkness
permanently left being by the Necromancer Aemulor and his Undead Legion. Dark spirits roamed the lands, causing minor infractions amongst the people who mostly still felt the grace left behind by
Haeren. 

The events unfolding on Hyrule, slowly found their way to Vita through the ocassional sailing passerby visiting the orphaned land. Talk of heroes saving the lands from evil circulated around the
residents who so desperately needed a hero to return order and peace to their once golden land... but none would arrive.

The Calamity of Vita became the mythos of the people of Vita, the time the island was nearly destroyed by a once powerful Necromancer that could topple gods and control life. So did the once worshipped
shinging silver Triforce of Hearen, of which, like the goddess, faded out of legend.

Upon Link's eventual defeat of Ganon, 7 years after Ganon had abused the power of the Triforce of Power, peace ruled the land of Hyrule and would be rebuild from the tyranny of the dark lord.
It was at this time that a Hylian scholar who had been studying the triforces of the three golden goddesses wanted to venture out and see the world.
Perhaps it was the ages that passed, or the evils of the world being vanquished, or even dumb luck that the impenetrable barrier sealing the Isle of Haeren had faded, and in the travels of the Hylian
scholar the island was for the first time in history found. The scholar, with his sizable platoon, investigated the ancient decrepit island. There was a neutral but uneasy feeling to the island, like
something lay sleeping waiting to be reawakened inside. The potency of the power that once coursed through the triforce made it almost a black hole for power, and could very easily corrupt the hearts
of men. Eventually the scholar, fighting through ancient ruined traps and grotesque monsters unlike that which they have ever seen, found the inner chamber. The chamber had a solumn almost angelic 
atmosphere, a feeling familiar to the scholar as he had spend much time with the golden triforces. yet he could feel another presence, one that made him uneasy, but confident at the same time.
He found the triforce and separated it from the pedestal it rested on. Returning to his ship he began his enthusiastic studies on the pitch black triforce, as it was unheard of that there was a 
fouth dark triforce. 

In time the expedition found the Island of Vita. Hyrule was aware of the lands of Vita, but not much of it's history and status. They were welcomed with open arms, as the people and recent generations
have not known any symbols of authority or security. They pleaded with the soldiers to retake the ancient castle that once was the symbol of strength and prosperity of Vita. 
No more than a year later and the soldiers claimed the castle, as well as the various towers around the island to establish order, and snuff out any brigands and criminals.

During this time of establishing order that the good soldiers of Hyrule enacted, gave the scholar a lot of time to get very familiar with the dark triforce, but he could not seem to make anything
of it. It layed dormant, like something or someone was holding the door shut, not allowing him in. He felt there had to be something on the island that could potentially awaken the triforce, as he
felt there was a similarity with the uneasyness he felt in the castle when first entering it, as when he entered the Temple of Haeren. So he explored, ventured into the island following the feeling
of uneasiness, with a small platoon of soldiers, as well as a young man, an orphan he adopted as a baby, about the same age as Link, whom he had serving as his right hand man. 

In their time following this unknown darkness, they came accross a secluded portion of the island that writhed with the darkness the scholar had been following. Clutching the darkened triforce in his
hands, he entered the darkness. Found was a treasure trove of artifacts forign to the scholar, ancient texts describing things that he had never heard of; 'necromancy'. Soon after poking through some
documents, the triforce bursted from his grip filling the whole area with the darkess smoke one could imagine, as if the triforce reacted a violent reaction with the area around them.
The darkness filled those present, like leaches grasping onto a host.

The company left the ruins, unsure of what happened, unaware of what they set in motion. Not long after returning to their home in the castle, the scholar was able to interact with the triforce in
ways he was not expecting, not only was the triforce working for him but it seemed to feel natural. He felt powerful, nothing like he felt with the other triforces. It was as if he held some ancient
power to command all that exists. Quickly he started playing around with his newfound powers, playing with those around him.

One night he summoned all that was in the company that led the expedition into the ruins. They all had felt the power of the triforce, they all felt the connected darkness they had awakened.
That night was hatched a plan to take full control over the island of Vita. 

What followed was the making of history repeating itself. The scholar revealed his plans to his soldiers that they are to take full control over the island, and eliminate all that oppose.
Many of the soldiers refused, as it went against their directive of exploring new lands and helping anyone in need. Those that opposed were either executed or fled.
Those that stayed were given a small portion of the power the scholar controlled, giving them new strength they never felt. 

With this new threat the Scholar presented, the soldiers that defected from the Scholar setup posts in the towns of Vita. They trained who they could to aid in the defense of the innocent, and
readied for any incoming attacks. 
The Scholar had spent enough time with the triforce and almost effortlessly mastered the ability to control life and death, claiming the ancient title of Necromancer he had read in the texts
of old.
And of the young man that the Scholar fathered, serving as the right hand of him, could sense the darkness growing within the man that had shown him true kindness, but could not defy him as
thoughs of such made him guilty and afraid to go against his wishes.

With the Necromancer's power growing, and the power of Aemulor slowly reawakening, members of Aemulor's Undead Legion begin to rise up, as they start to hear their master's call through the Triforce
of Death. The Necromancer, controlling them, orders them to train his most elite hylian guards in the combative ways of the ancient legion.

After word of this Necromancer spread around the island, a messenger was sent back to Hyrule to inform the King of Hyrule that a grave threat is growing on the Island of Vita that could potentially
pose a threat to the world. As a result Link and Zelda were sent out, having defeated Ganon and controlling the power of the golden triforces, to stop the terror caused by Necromancer's terrible 
necromancy.




<<<GAME BEGINS>>>
As Link and Zelda sail for the island now known as Interitus, they are encountered by a massive sea serpent known to legend as the Leviathan. They commence battle, eventually resulting in the Leviathan
destroying their ship, sending all on board into the seas around Interitus.

With nearly the last bit of power the goddess Haeren had, she influenced Link's arrival on her secluded island. She explained that Link is the only one who could fix all that happened centuries ago.
That he could take down the necromancer and restore the light in her triforce by returning the triforce to her temple and with his pure heart, restoring the light within.
However first, he would need to purge the darkness plaguing the temple.

<Mini Dungeon 1: Temple of Haeren>

After purging the darkness in the temple, Haeren gives like one gift; a raft to give him passage to the island of Interitus, and an objective to obtain her triforce and return it to her temple.
Upon sailing to Interitus, he is encountered by the Leviathan once again who informs him that going to the island of Interitus is exactly what the Necromancer wants, as he and Zelda possess the other
three triforce, of which he could combine the powers to become the most powerful god to ever exist. The Leviathan once again attacks Link with a massive tidal wave, but with the last of her power,
Haeren protects Link, and saftely gets him to Interitus.

Link wakes up in a teepee on the eastern coast of Interitus, greeted by an old man who informs him of the situation on the island. The old man has knowledge of the events on Hyrule, as well as much
of the history of Vita, giving him great insight. He even suspects that the triforce that came with Link and Zelda were lost to the Necromancer's forces, who would feel great confidence from possessing
such powerful artifacs, and would attempt to claim them as their own. Where the old man doesnt know directly how to help link with his goal of stopping the Necromancer, he gives him guidance, with 
the information that the forest to the northwest of the nearby island has seen some supernatural events taking place and could be a good place to start.

After exploring around the nearby areas of the northeastern side of the island, Link learns that one of the Necromancer's minions has awakened an ancient beast in a lair found deep within the 
Cumpura Forest.
The ancient beast is known as the Hazarond, a monster that thrives in natural oils, and has the ability to breath fire and ignite the oils as a self defense mechanism
With Aemulor's expeditions for the materials to give the ability to sense the life force within beings, he came across this already ancient lair, and deemed it not worth the trouble,
as even he did not want to discover it's wrath, as the oil-fire combination could cause untold damage to his forces, as they were all undead and highly flammable.

<<Level 1 - Pernicious Grotto>>

Link investigates the lair, and recovers the first shard of the triforce of courage

<Cutscene>
Word gets around through the Necromancer's ranks that as expected, Link and Zelda have arrived on the island, and Link has already claimed one of the triforce shards.

<Battle Arena 1: Racoon Hollow>

Link ventures around more of the island and finds himself in the compant of highly intelligent racoons. While mostly unimportant and mysterious, he encounteres a guard that was in the higher circles
of the Necromancer's ranks, and hear tell of what the Necromancer was involved with, hearing hushed tones about reviving something.

<<Level 2: Derelict Quarry>>

Eventually Link encounters a concerned father outside of an ancient abandoned mine. His son went into the mine to practice his archery on the Keese within, but with the Father having hurt himself,
tasks link to take his lantern and get his son out. Upon entering the mine Link is given the bow by the son, who starts to work his way out of the mine however, the son tells Link of a soldier who 
he encountered, saying something about going deeper into the mine to take care of some business. Link finds his way into the depths of the mine and walks in on that soldier, yelling in an open room,
accusing some being of mistreating his descendent who was a miner. A spector reveals itself, the cursed remains of Servus Malus, high ranking Colonel of Aemulor, tasked to find one of the rarest
resources on the island, who failed. As a result of the failure, before the Calamity of Vita, was cursed by Aemulor to forever roam the tunnels of the mine never to have peace.
Servus still bitter at the failure of the miners that resulted in him, and all of the miners that were not already executed from the terrible conditions and cruelty of Servus to roam to tunnels of
the mine for eternity, taunts the soldier.
Link intervenes after Servus launches the soldier across the room, incapacitating him. Link and Servus battle.

<Cutscene>
It is heard amonst the guards in the Necromancer's castle that Link defeated Servus Malus. Most of the guards only know that Servus was a high ranking member of the Undead Legion of Aemulor.
They express minor concern that Link is already gaining a lot of power, and that the Necromancer should be informed

After successfully weakening Servus, as he cannot truly be banished being bound to the power of Aemulor, he vanishes. Link talks to the injured solder, learning that he is a descendent of one of the
miners that were present on the islands centuries ago, and he only went on the expedition with the scholar because he felt it was the best opportunity to get out of Hyrule and possibly find Vita.

Later, Link finds a remote house near the mines occupied by the family of the Father and Son as well as the soldier. The Son found the soldier wandering out of the mine injured, and took him back
to their house for rest.
Link learns that the family living in the house are also decended from one of the miners that mined during the time of Aemulor's rule, and after finding out that the soldier is also a descendent,
agree to let him rest in their house, and trade tales of their lineage. The soldier informs Link that since Link helped him battle Servus, he would aid Link on his quest as needed.
The soldier also tells Link that he was stationed at the guard tower outside of Viridi village, and was told to attack the village. He, not sypathetic to the Necromancer, gives link a key into the tower
and tells him he should stop their plans before they wipe out the village. Wiping out the village would give the Necromancer a significant advantage, as he knows any Hyrulian aid would come from the east.

<Mini Dungeon 2: Seized Guardtower>

Link goes to the tower, vanquishing the corrupted soldiers as he goes, until he reaches the summit where archers that have been trying to snipe him from above are stationed, as well as the leader of the
tower.
Along the way up the tower, link encounters a soldier locked up in the barracks. He tells Link that he does not sypathise with the Necromancer. Link, unlocking the door, set him free where he flees to
Viridi village to rest and hide. (You find him with the Hylian guard in the shop)
The leader of the guard tower knew Link would get to him, and is excited to duel Link.
This soldier is not like the others, he is one of the elite guards that were trained by members of the undead legion and uses similar battle techniques.

Upon defeating the elite guard, link finds a signet with the Hylian symbol on it, which belonged to the soldier locked up in the tower. The elite guard's intention was to use the signet to infiltrate
the non corrupt soldier's hideouts and attack them from being.
It is a symbol of opposition to the Necromancer, proving allegiance to Hyrule and not the Necromancer.

Through adventuring Link finds a hidden tunnel near the center of the northeastern plains that takes him to the desert storm plagued village of Auri.
The tunnel was dug by a crazed cultist to a mage that aims to resurrect Aemulor (similar to cultists trying to resurrect Dracula in Castlevania)

Link finds Auri is mostly locked off, given the unending storms rage. He does however find some residents open to letting him inside.
One resident being the mayor of the village, concerned for his village, pleads with Link to help.
He suspects what could be the cause of the storms could be from a curse he read about in books from Auri Library, a library containing most of Vita's remaining written history.
The curse being that there is evil in the ruins the well was built to cover, and he wants Link to go down there and vanquish the evil.

Back during the age of Aemulor's reign, he had an outpost in the current Auri village, and used it as a watch tower to keep an eye on the border between the northern and southern parts of the island.
During the Calamity of Vita, the tower was destroyed, and layed in ruin as most of the soldiers, including another one of his Colonels, was buried in sand. As the ages passed, Auri was constructed, and
a well was placed intentionally over the burried ruins in an attempt to prevent anyone from reentering the ruins. Building a very sturdy well over the ruins was believed to keep anyone who would be
tempted to enter the ruins, it was believed that if anyone entered the ruins, they could potentially reawaken the Colonel, and his batallion which could lay waste to Auri.

The mayor speaks of a resident in Auri that had knowledge on curse and how to enter the well. The resident was odd to say the least, spent very little time in the village, always in his house and muttering
frantically to himself. One day this resident gave the mayor a key to his house, and told him to save it for an adventurer.

This resident is a member of the Cult of Aemulor, led by a crazed mage. The reason this resident was rarely seen by those in his village was because he often took his secret tunnel to the plains to get
to the Shrine of Aemulor to hear the word of the mage about their plans to resurrect Aemulor and how they believe the Scholar is the reincarnate of Aemulor.

The mayor gives link the key to the resident's house. Link eventually finds the resident, dead. Turns out he died in his secret tunnel to Dodongos.
He gives link little information about himself, extatic that he is dead as that "brings him closer to the great Aemulor", and gives link his Ocarina, as it is needed to enter the
Shrine of Aemulor so link can worship in his name.

On Link's way to the Shrine of Aemulor, he finds a small village guarded by non corrupt hylian soldiers which admit him into the village, given he has the signet of allegiance
Link learns that the small village of Silva is near the front lines of where the Necromancer's forces come from the central area of the island, and express concern for the village.
The guards there express their direness towards the Necromancer forces coming very close to the village, and ask Link to <DO SOMETHING TO HELP THEM IDK>

Link finds himself at the Shrine of Aemulor, where he meets another cultist frantically wanting to get into the shrine, as it was locked off for service and the cultist was late. Link plays the tune
and enters the shrine with the cultist.

As these cultists are worshipping the Necromancer, he vanquished all in sight. He reads some of the books within that captured history of Aemulor and such

<<Level 3: Shrine of Aemulor>>

Eventually Link encounters the mage leading the cult. He accuses Link, saying he aims to vanquish the dark lord however, it is fruitless, the dark lord was barely beated by the three goddesses,
how could a measly child beat him.
Link defeats him, in the mage's death he forbodes the return of Aemulor.

Upon leaving the Shrine, a guard is standing outside of the shrine and speaks to Link
the soldier tells link that he found zelda, and she was captured by the Necromancer's forces and held in a secret dungeon in the guardtower outside Viridi.
Link asks to see his signet of allegiance... but he is in too much of a rush to show it

Upon getting to the tower and into the secret dungeon, Link is ambushed by a bunch of the Necromancer's forces, including the soldier that led him there.
Link wakes up before the Necromancer in his castle.




<Mini Dungeon 3: Domumbris (home of darkness - domum tenebris) Dungeons>
