Change story to where the right hand is the son of the scholar who was worried his father was going insane from the triforce, and since he did he has been hateful/sad towards the necromancer. So he interacts with you and wants your help (a way of guiding the player towards next dungeons) but after the fatal fight with the necromancer near 2/3rds of the game, the right hand assures link that he will help link get it back to haeren’s shrine, but the guards stop you, and out of fear right hand (who arrives after the fight with the necromancer and finds him down) gives link up about fighting the necromancer resulting link in jail. He does this to keep allegance with the guards. 

As a result right hand is locked in his fathers study with the triforce and goes insane and ends up being the final boss. This gives great opportunity for sad and emotional moments and AWESOME MUSIC!! Use portrait of ruin meeting of destiny! Maybe even have a flashback of him as a kid in hyrule. 

But of course dont drop this whole story thing right away, wait until you get to the necromancers castle after dungeon ~4 The leader of the undead legion corrupted haeren’s triforce, as a result he was banished into the triforce and and sealed in the Temple of Haeren, far from the rest of the undead legion on Vita.

When the necromancer found it and spent enough time with it the evil of the leader of the undead legion took over the scholar.  Right hand knows the triforce corrupted the nencromancer. After fighting the necromancer the first time you are locked up in his castle which is where right hand initiates the story dump, frees you, and wants your help. right hand asks for you to help stop his father by purging haerens triforce. 

Remember haeren's triforce shards are in optional dungeons and such so you dont need to get them all. You later on fight the necromancer again, and once defeated the leader of the undead legion could no longer use the necromancer as a host, so he retreats back within the triforce which was on the necromancer's body during the fight and perhaps he even used it during the fight)

so the necromancer drops the triforce upon defeat, and there is a big sad moment with him and right hand, being the scholar is free of the leader of the undead legion, he dies.

the guardsm, (who are also under the influence of the undead legion), come rushing in to see the necormancer dead and right hand over his body. right hand plays it off as how he tried to stop link but it was too late, link killed the necromancer, link is sentenced to the dungeon for life and right hand is appointed the new leader and is locked in the necromancer's study for protection. Soon after the triforce speaks to right hand, and takes control of him. The leader of the undead legion speaks of how link has gotten too powerful and must be eliminated, and how the triforce shards of haeren should be split about the land to prevent link from capturing it <this is when haeren's triforce shards are available to be captured>

During the talk with right hand and the leader of the undead legion, zelda is seen sneaking into the castle (we have not seen her since the wreck at the beginning) and breaks link out. It is a whole thing with link escaping, and as link and zelda flee the castle, right hand is seen standing on top of the castle.... staring intensively.

So zelda and link escape and more story happens and such


Once you get all of the normal triforce shards you have 3 options for endings;

~~~Endings~~~
~No purged dark triforce and dont have all shards, Bad Ending~
You fight right hand and haeren's triforce goes unpurged.  (fight with right hand is hardest mode, leader of the undead legion speaks and transforms him, darkness is the strongest)

~No purged dark triforce and have all shards, Really bad ending~
When you approach right hand you outright kill him with the darkness, you end up being the new dark controller of Interitus, game over. (fight with right hand is easiest mode, because leader of the undead legion gives you power)

~Purged dark triforce, obviously have all shards~ 2 options (similar to fighting venser reborn before and after fighting stan)
|~|

1: You fight right hand before fighting leader of the undead legion, neutral ending:
You save right hands life after the fight, and leader of the undead legion continues to reign (fight with right hand is normal mode, leader of the undead legion speaks and transforms him)
2: You kill leader of the undead legion, then fight right hand, good ending: You free right hand and the control of the leader of the undead legion is done, the world is saved  (fight with right hand is easy mode, leader of the undead legion is gone and you have the strongest holy power)
|~|